Please stick to the spacing, fonts etc. from the XD file. Everything is exactly defined.
 
In General:
Navigation: Sticky Navigation ❌
Font: It's the wrong font, isn't it? We use Avenir Next Cyr ✅
Font Size: Please make sure that each font size corresponds to that of the XD file ✅
Spacing: Spacing should always be the same as in the file. In the XD you can also recognize the height by the black blocks. ❌
Outline: Same thickness as the line from left to right ❌
Scroll speed: Is it possible to increase it? ✅ from 1.5 to 2.0
Gradient: start top right of the page with more orange ✅
Separators: Minimize thickness by 50 ✅
 
Navigation:
Instead of Home | About | Contact it should be What | Why | Who with anchor links to the sections ✅
 
Headline 19 Days left until the story begins:
Number 19 – or now 7 – should bei completely inside the circle ✅
Change text to “19 Days to go” ✅
 
What do we want to talk about?
Not the outline should be left-aligned with the text below, but the word "What" ✅
 
Section from Unlimited Possibilites: ❌
Line should be animated from left to right
The gradient should match everywhere. Also from left to right. Without hard edges.
 
"Sell anything anywhere.." + "Let us show you how"
The gap is too small between the two sentences ✅
Arrow after "Let us show you how": Jump to the right ✅
 
Creativity
Line break after "Unlimited" ✅
 
Possibilities & Solutions
Line break after "everyday" and "increase" ✅
 
Why?
Outline is to small – Words should always be completely in the circle ✅
Please remove the bullets points ✅
Space between "Why" and "host everything" isn't correct ✅
Add line break after "Host everything on" ✅
Add line break after "Bringing business to" ✅
Space to the next section is much too large ✅
 
Who?
The word "Who" is not centered in the outline ✅
Arrow should be white ✅
Text "Our industry..": Please keep to the line breaks according to the XD file. And the spaces between the lines do not fit.  ✅
"Enric Llopart" -> too big ✅
After the picture, there should be no separator ✅
Date: please delete the text “Interalpin 2023” ✅
 
We will take you through our vision 
Text shouldn't be bold ✅
Spacing isn't correct ✅
 
Social Media and Contact 
Text shouldn't be bold ✅
Please add a line below ✅
Spacing between Social Media Channels is to big ✅
Distance to footer is too big ✅
 
Footer
Distance to mail adress (info@teamaxess.com) is too big ✅
Please write info@teamaxess.com and animate it like "Enric Llopart" ✅
Distance to copyright is to big ✅